# Create a custom connector | Cycode Docs

Source: https://docs.cycode.com/integrations/security-tools/create-a-custom-connector

---

# Create a custom connector

[](https://gitlab.com/cycodehq/documentation/cycode_docs/-/blob/main/src/content/integrations/security-tools/create-a-custom-connector/_index.md "Edit this page")

Updated on Nov 9, 2025 • Published on May 4, 2025

* * *

## Overview [Copied!](#overview "Copy link to this section")

Cycode enables organizations to create a connector to integrate data from your custom in-house security tool developed for SCA, SAST, DAST, and other security measures. This connector retrieves your data from a secure shared storage area so you can view and manage these violations in the Cycode platform.

The sync mechanism ensures that a violation is updated only when its status changes in the source system, so if a violation is resolved in the source it gets resolved in Cycode too.

(Bring Your Own Storage (BYOS) isn’t currently supported with the custom connector.)

### Configuration parameters [Copied!](#configuration-parameters "Copy link to this section")

Parameter

Description

Required

Connector name

Name of the connector as you want it to appear in Cycode.

Yes

Description

A useful description of the security tool that you are integrating with Cycode.

No

Violation category

Select one value from the list. The following values are supported:

*   SCA
*   SAST
*   API Security
*   Container Image Scanning
*   DAST
*   Bug bounty

Yes

Upload logo

Logo that you want to represent this tool in Cycode, in SVG format.

No

## Configure the custom connector [Copied!](#configure-the-custom-connector "Copy link to this section")

1.  In **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Add integration** > **Security tools**, click **Custom connector**.
    
2.  Configure the parameters (described above in Configuration parameters).
    
3.  Click **Next**.
    
4.  Paste your JSON file into the JSON validator to check whether the violations you want to add to Cycode are using the correct syntax.
    
    Note
    
    The validator accepts files of up to 1 MB.
    
5.  After you validate your JSON file, click **Next**.
    
6.  Set up a service account in your third-party security tool. Copy the following and store in a secure location, for use when you create the bearer token:
    
    Step
    
    Description
    
    Client ID
    
    The client ID that is generated by your custom security tool.
    
    Client secret
    
    The secret that is generated by your custom security tool to enable Cycode to authenticate.
    
7.  Copy the client ID and client secret into the below API call to create a bearer token. The bearer token in this API call expires after 30 minutes.
    
    ```
    1
    2
    3
    ```
    
    ```bash
    curl https://api.cycode.com/api/v1/auth/api-token -X POST \
      -H "Content-type: application/json" \
      --data '{"clientId": "123sa-d23ee1-da32-g432-132saksi", "secret": "SECRET123"}'
    ```
    

## Get an S3 pre-signed URL [Copied!](#get-an-s3-pre-signed-url "Copy link to this section")

Copy the following code and use the bearer token and Integration ID to execute it. The output will be a pre-signed URL to a Cycode S3 bucket and the relevant fields.

```
1
2
3
```

```bash
curl -X POST "https://api.cycode.com/generic-connector/api/v1/upload" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer your-auth-token-here"
```

## Push data to Cycode [Copied!](#push-data-to-cycode "Copy link to this section")

The Cycode custom connector functions as a listener. It monitors the Cycode S3 bucket described in [Get an S3 pre-signed URL](#get-an-s3-pre-signed-url) , and syncs data to the Cycode platform when it detects an upload to the bucket.

You can automate the upload of your security tool data to the S3 bucket via Curl, code, or other methods. The following is an example of how to upload data to Cycode using Curl. You can upload data via other methods using the relevant parameters returned from the command in [Get an S3 pre-signed URL](#get-an-s3-pre-signed-url) above.

```
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
```

```bash
curl -X POST "your-presigned-url" \
  -F "Key=your-key" \
  -F "Bucket=your-bucket" \
  -F "Policy=your-policy" \
  -F "X-Amz-Signature=your-signature" \
  -F "X-Amz-Algorithm=your-algorithm" \
  -F "X-Amz-Credential=your-credentials" \
  -F "X-Amz-Date=your-amz-date" \
  -F "file=@your_file.json"
```

## Check upload history and errors [Copied!](#check-upload-history-and-errors "Copy link to this section")

After you push data, you can retrieve the history of your uploads and find out why specific violations failed to import. See [Get custom connector upload history and errors](/integrations/security-tools/create-a-custom-connector/get-custom-connector-upload-history/) .

## JSON file structure [Copied!](#json-file-structure "Copy link to this section")

The JSON should be in the schema described in the sections below. The full violation schema includes all properties for all violation categories, but parameters are considered mandatory based on the categories selected when you created the connector.

Note

Cycode can sync up to 1 GB of data at a time.

### General properties [Copied!](#general-properties "Copy link to this section")

Field

Description

Type

Required

`policy_unique_identifier`

ID assigned by the custom tool.

String

Yes

`policy_name`

Meaningful name that will be displayed in Cycode.

String

Yes

`policy_description`

Meaningful description of the violation.

String

Yes

`auto_resolve_if_absent`

Determines how Cycode behaves regarding the status of a violation. Possible values:  
• **True**: Cycode marks an existing violation as resolved if it isn’t included in the next JSON file that is uploaded.  
• **False**: Cycode changes the status of an existing violation only if its status is different in the next JSON file that is uploaded.

Boolean

Yes

`detection_time`

Time that the violation was detected.

Datetime offset

Yes

`severity`

Default value is **Medium**. The following values are supported:  
• Info  
• Low  
• Medium  
• High  
• Critical

Enum values

Yes

`vulnerability_status`

The following options are supported:  
• Open  
• Ignored  
• Resolved

Enum values

Yes

`remediation_guidelines`

Fix for the vulnerability.

String

No

`external_violation_link`

Link to the source of the external violation.

String in URL format

No

`violation_labels`

Labels that have been attached to the violations.

Array of strings

No

Was this article helpful?

Yes No

Thanks for your feedback!

## Help us improve this article

×

Need more information Inaccurate or irrelevant content Difficult to understand Missing/broken link Others

Characters: 0/255

Cancel Submit
