# Secrets detection policies | Cycode Docs

Source: https://docs.cycode.com/scanners/pipeline-security/secrets/secrets-detection-policies

---

# Secrets detection policies

[](https://gitlab.com/cycodehq/documentation/cycode_docs/-/blob/main/src/content/scanners/pipeline-security/secrets/secrets-detection-policies/_index.md "Edit this page")

Updated on Feb 9, 2026 • Published on Mar 28, 2024

* * *

## Overview [Copied!](#overview "Copy link to this section")

Secrets detection policies are designed to detect potential leaks of secrets in your organization. Cycode monitors your repositories, build logs, and pull requests for exposed secrets to protect sensitive data from unauthorized access.

Cycode’s secret scanner is designed to identify sensitive information, such as passwords, API keys, and other credentials that are embedded directly within the source code. Scanning for these secrets helps prevent unauthorized access and potential data breaches, ensuring that sensitive information is not exposed or misused.

In this section, you’ll find the complete list of Cycode’s secret policies, a description of what’s being monitored, and the severity assigned to that policy.

## Secret policy filters [Copied!](#secret-policy-filters "Copy link to this section")

You can view the secret policies based on the following filter options:

Filter

Description

Subcategory

Select one or more subcategories for a more granular list of secret policies in the table.

Policy label

To view only the policies that were added by your organization, select **Custom policy**.

Default severity

Select one or more severities to view in the table.

Target platform

Select one or more platforms to view policies that address those specific sources.

Enabled

You can opt to view only enabled policies or only disabled policies in the table.

Validity check

Select one or more options to view which policies are enabled or disabled for verifying the secret value status, or policies where Cycode isn’t able to check the validity of the secret status.

## Cloud providers [Copied!](#cloud-providers "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Adafruit IO API Key

The Adafruit IO HTTP API provides access to the Adafruit IO data from any programming language or hardware environment that can speak HTTP

Critical

Alibaba Cloud Keys

Alibaba cloud keys enable to manage programmatically the services of Alibaba - a Chinese cloud computing company providing various services such as spinning up instances.

Critical

Amazon MWS Auth Token

Amazon Marketplace Web Service (MWS) is a collection of APIs that allow sellers to programmatically exchange data on orders, payments, and more with Amazon. The MWS Auth Token is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate the seller’s account when making API calls.

Critical

Amazon MWS Token

Amazon Marketplace Web Service (MWS) is a collection of APIs that allow sellers to programmatically exchange data on orders, payments, and more with Amazon. The MWS Auth Token is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate the seller’s account when making API calls.

Critical

AWS Access Key Id

An AWS (Amazon Web Services) access key ID is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate and authorize access to the AWS Management Console and the various AWS services and resources. An AWS access key ID consists of two parts: an access key ID and a secret access key.

Low

AWS Account ID

An AWS (Amazon Web Services) account ID is an identifier that is assigned to each AWS account. It is consisted of a 12-digit number that is used to identify and authorize access to the various AWS services and resources.

Info

AWS IAM

AWS IAM key is a set of characters that is used to authenticate a user or application to an AWS account.

Critical

AWS Secret Access Key

Alongside with with an AWS access key , the AWS secret access key is a string of characters that is used in to sign and authenticate requests to AWS service.

Critical

Azure Token

Azure token is used to authenticate with Microsoft Azure services and resources, and can be managed and revoked through the Microsoft Azure portal

Critical

CloudantCredentials

CloudantCredentials are a type of authentication information used to access the Cloudant database service - an IBM NoSQL database-as-a-service.

Critical

Google OAuth Access Token

An OAuth access token is a short-lived token, generated by Google when a user grants an application access to their Google account.

Critical

Google Cloud API Key

Google Cloud is a suite of cloud computing services that allows businesses to build, deploy, and manage applications and infrastructure on the Google Cloud Platform. To use the Google Cloud API, a Google Cloud API key is required.

Critical

Google OAuth Client Id

Google OAuth (Open Authorization) is a protocol that allows users to grant third-party applications access to their Google resources, such as their Google Account and Google Drive, without sharing their passwords. To use OAuth with Google, Google OAuth Client Id is required.

Low

Heroku API Key

The Heroku Dashboard offers an API key on your Account settings if your user account is not SSO enabled. While this key does not have a hard-coded expiration date, it will expire whenever your account password changes.

Critical

Google Maps API Key

A Google Maps API key is a unique identifier that grants developers access to Google Maps Platform services, such as mapping and geolocation. It’s a security measure ensuring authorized usage, and developers obtain it by creating a project in the Google Cloud Console. The key is then integrated into the application code to enable communication with Google Maps APIs, while also facilitating usage tracking and access control.

Low

## Collaboration tools [Copied!](#collaboration-tools "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Asana Key

Asana key allows developers to build workflow on top of Asana application- a software to help teams manage their work- and gives access to the team’s resources.

Medium

Contentful

Content Management API Key Contentful Content Management API Key is used to authenticate with the Content Delivery API - An API that enables content retrieval from Contentful - a service that helps managing and distributing content.

Medium

Code Climate

Code Climate analyzes your for complexity, duplication, and common issues to determine changes in quality and surface technical debt hotspots.

Medium

Linear Api Key

A Linear API key is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the API of Linear, a project management and collaboration platform for software development teams.

Medium

Outlook Team Webhook

The Outlook team webhook is a feature of the Outlook API that allows developers to receive notifications when events occur in an Outlook, a personal information manager and email client that is part of the Microsoft Office suite.

Medium

Picatic API Key

Picatic API key is used to access the Picatic API, allowing to programmatically create and manage events, ticket sales, and registration using the Picatic platform, a powerful registration platform for event organizers, non-profits, enterprise, and developers.

Medium

Pubnub

A PubNub publish key is an identifier that is used to authenticate a client’s ability to send messages to a PubNub channel.

Medium

Pubnub Secret Key

A PubNub secret key is an identifier that is used to authenticate a client’s access to certain advanced features of the PubNub platform.

Medium

Segment Workspace Key

A Segment workspace key is an identifier that is used to authenticate and authorize access to a Segment workspace, a customer data platform (CDP) that helps businesses collect, unify, and manage customer data from various sources.

Medium

Sendinblue Key

A Sendinblue key is an identifier that is used to authenticate and authorize access to the API of Sendinblue, a company that provides email marketing and SMS marketing services.

Medium

Slack Webhook

A Slack webhook is a way to send a message to a Slack channel or conversation using the Slack API. Webhooks allow you to send data to a Slack channel or conversation using a simple HTTP request, without the need for a user to be present in the channel or to have a Slack bot or app installed.

Medium

Zapier Webhook Url

Zapier is a automation platform that allows businesses to automate tasks and workflows by connecting different web applications. One of the features of Zapier is the ability to use webhooks to trigger events in other applications.

Medium

Zoom Link Password

A Zoom link password is the password provided in the will be in the Zoom link invite.

Medium

## Data storage platforms [Copied!](#data-storage-platforms "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Artifactory API Key

Artifactory allows authentication for REST API calls using your API key as an alternative to your username and password.

Critical

Artifactory Password

Artifactory allows authentication for REST API calls using your username and password.

Critical

Cassandra Datastax Password

Apache’s Cassandra is a distributed database management system designed to handle large amounts of data across many commodity servers, providing high availability with no single point of failure. Datastax is a commercial company that provides support, consulting, and training for Cassandra.

Critical

Clojars Deploy Token

A Clojars deploy token can be used to deploy any artifact the user account has the right to deploy. Deploy tokens can also be scoped to only allow deploying of a single artifact, or deploying any artifact within a group.

Critical

Crates.io Key

The Crates.io API key is used by the `crate` command to create new crates, push updates, delete them, and more.

Critical

Gemfury Token

The Gemfury Token can be a read-only deployment token to grant private repository access. Deploy tokens can replace secret tokens in all instances where you use your private repository URL. Tokens can also be push tokens to upload packages to a continuous integration configuration or other build scripts.

Critical

Dropbox Key

A Dropbox Key is used to authenticate access to the Dropbox API - A cloud-based service for storage and file sharing.

Critical

FTP Credentials

FTP Credentials are used to authenticate an FTP (File Transfer Protocol) server and manage its security. They are typically consist of a username and password.

Critical

Jdbc Oracle Password

In JDBC (Java Database Connectivity), a password is a secret string of characters that is used to authenticate a user’s identity when connecting to a database.

Critical

Jdbc Sqlserver Password

A JDBC SQL Server password is a secret password that is used to authenticate a user’s access to a SQL Server database.

Critical

Planetscale Database Password

A Planetscale Database Password is used to authenticate database management system called Vitess, by Planetscale , designed to scale MySQL databases across multiple servers and locations

Critical

FTP Credentials

FTP Credentials are used to authenticate an FTP (File Transfer Protocol) server and manage its security. They are typically consist of a username and password.

Critical

## Build [Copied!](#build "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

npm Token

An npm access token is an alternative to using your username and password for authenticating to npm when using the API or the npm command-line interface (CLI). An access token is a hexadecimal string that you can use to authenticate, and which gives you the right to install and/or publish your modules.

High

NuGet API Key

The NuGet API key acts as an alias for the user account, so the same API key is used for all NuGet repositories within the repository manager. This user-specific key is generated separately by a user and can be regenerated at any time.

High

Pulumi Access Token

Pulumi access tokens allow a user to authenticate against the Pulumi Cloud.

High

Python Package Index Key

The Python Package Index Key (also known as PyPi) API is used to perform authentication when uploading packages.

High

Rubygems Api Key

Rubygems API keys have varying scopes that grant specific privileges. Using API keys with the least amount of privilege makes your RubyGems.org account more secure by limiting the impact a compromised key may have.

High

Terraform Token

Terraform tokens represent values that are unknown until Terraform applies your configuration. For example, names of cloud resources are only assigned upon creation.

High

## Development tools [Copied!](#development-tools "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Ionic Token

Personal Access Tokens can be used to authenticate the Ionic CLI or any third party application.

High

Launch Darkly Personal Token

Launch Darkly personal access tokens are used for authenticated API access. Users can scope the token permissions, making it easier to create different tokens for different use cases.

High

Launch Darkly Sdk Key

The Launch Darkly SDK key, client-side ID, and mobile key uniquely identify your project and environment, and they authorize your application to connect to LaunchDarkly.

High

MailChimp API Key

An API key is used to access the MailChimp API, which allows to programmatically manage MailChimp account and interact with the various features and services offered by MailChimp, a marketing automation platform and email marketing service.

High

MailGun API Key

An API key is used to access the MailGun API, which allows you to programmatically send and manage email messages using the MailGun platform, an email delivery service for sending, receiving, and tracking emails.

High

Postman Api Key

Postman API key is used to authenticate API requests and grant access to specific resources or features.

Medium

Twilio Master Credentials

Twilio is a communication platform that allows businesses to build, scale, and manage communication systems. To use the Twilio API, an API key is required.

Low

HuggingFace Token

Hugging Face acts both as a community and a platform to create, share and Machine Learning models. A HuggingFace access token / Organization access token can be used to authenticate an entity to the platform, thus allowing model theft and data tampering.

High

HashiCorp Vault Token

Depending on the permissions granted to the HashiCorp token, unauthorized access to the token could result in access to secrets and data leakage.

High

## General [Copied!](#general "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Authentication Headers

Authentication headers are HTTP headers that are used to authenticate a user’s request to a server. They typically contain information such as the user’s username, password, or other identifying information that the server can use to verify the user’s identity.

Medium

## Messaging systems [Copied!](#messaging-systems "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Beamer API Key

Beamer API key is used to authenticate with Beamer, that offers tools to help announce latest updates and get feedback with in-app notifications and more.

High

Discord Bot Token

Discord is a popular messaging and VoIP communication platform, and the bot token is used to authenticate a bot and allow it to connect to the Discord service. This token is typically passed as a header in API requests to the Discord API.

Low

Discord Webhook URL

Discord is a popular messaging and VoIP communication platform, and the Discord Webhook URL is a unique URL that allows a web application to send messages to a Discord server.

Low

EasyPost API Key

An EasyPost API key is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate with, and access the APIs of EasyPost platform - a shipping API that solves logistics problems for eCommerce businesses.

Medium

Intercom Access Token

An Intercom access token an identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the Intercom API, which is an American software company producing a messaging platform allowing businesses to communicate with prospects and existing customers within their app or website.

High

Plivo Auth Tokens

A Plivo Auth Tokens is a string used to authenticate and authorize access to the API of Plivo , a telco company that provides cloud-based platform to integrate voice and messaginginto applications and services.

Medium

Pubnub Subscription Key

A PubNub subscription key is an identifier that is used to authenticate a client’s ability to subscribe to messages on a specific PubNub channel.

Medium

Slack App Token

To use the Slack API, a Slack app token is required. A Slack app is a type of software that can be installed on a Slack workspace to add new functionality or features

Medium

Slack Token

In the scope of the Slack API, a token is an identifier that is used to authenticate Slack app app when making API requests

Medium

Stream Keys

In the scope of streaming video or audio, a stream key is an identifier that is used to identify a specific stream.

Medium

Telegram Bot Token

A Telegram bot is a type of software that can be used to automate tasks or interact with users on the Telegram messaging platform. To use a Telegram bot, a bot token is required.

Medium

Wechat App Keys

WeChat is a messaging and social media platform that is popular in China and other countries. To use the WeChat API, app keys are required.

Low

Zoom API JWT

The Zoom API is a set of APIs that allows developers to build applications that integrate with the Zoom video conferencing platform. To use the Zoom API, a JSON Web Token (JWT) is required.

Medium

Discord Bot Token

Discord is a popular messaging and VoIP communication platform, and the bot token is used to authenticate a bot and allow it to connect to the Discord service. This token is typically passed as a header in API requests to the Discord API.

Low

## Monitoring systems [Copied!](#monitoring-systems "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Databricks Authentication Token

Databricks authentication token is used to securely access to Databricks resource and services - a cloud-based data analytics and machine learning platform.

High

Datadog Token

A Datadog Token is used to securely access the Datadog platform services and resources - a cloud-based monitoring and analytics platform

Critical

Docker Swarm Join Token

A Docker Swarm Join Token is an authentication token used to join a Docker Swarm cluster as a worker or a manager. Docker Swarm is a container orchestration tool to manage a cluster of Docker containers as a single entity.

Medium

Docker Swarm Unlock Key

A Docker Swarm unlock key is an authentication token used to unlock a Docker Swarm cluster. Docker Swarm is a container orchestration tool to manage a cluster of Docker containers as a single entity

Medium

Doppler API Key

The Doppler API key can be used to access, create, and edit secrets stored in Doppler.

Critical

Dynatrace Token

A Dynatrace token is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate with the Dynatrace platform, and access its API and enable integrations with other systems.

Critical

Grafana Token

A Grafana token is an identifier that is used to authenticate a user to a Grafana server or dashboard, which is an open-source platform for data visualization and monitoring.

High

New Relic Admin Key

A New Relic admin key is an identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the APIs of New Relic and other administrative features of the New Relic, a performance monitoring and analytics platform for applications and infrastructure.

High

New Relic Api Key

The New Relic admin key is an identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the APIs of New Relic , a performance monitoring and analytics platform for applications and infrastructure.

High

New Relic Api Service Key

The New Relic Api Service Key allows users to view data from the REST API of New Relic , a performance monitoring and analytics platform for applications and infrastructure.

High

New Relic APM License Key

New Relic APM License Key is used to send Application Performance Monitoring (APM) data to the New Relic account associated to the key.

High

New Relic Insights Insert Key

New Relic Insights Insert Key is required to send data to servers of New Relic, a performance monitoring and analytics platform for applications and infrastructure.

High

New Relic Insights Query Key

New Relic Insights Query Key is required to retrieve data from the servers of New Relic, a performance monitoring and analytics platform for applications and infrastructure.

High

New Relic Synthetics Key

New Relic Synthetics Key allows private monitors to send data to New Relic, a performance monitoring and analytics platform for applications and infrastructure.

High

Okta Keys

Okta keys are identifiers that are used to authenticate a user’s access to the the platform and APIs of Okta, a cloud-based identity and access management (IAM) platform.

Critical

Okta Token

An Okta token is a short-lived token that is generated by Okta when a user logs in to an application or service that is integrated with Okta. The token is used to authenticate the user’s access to the application or service.

Critical

Sumologic Keys

Sumo Logic is a cloud-based log management and analytics platform that helps businesses analyze and visualize their data. To use the Sumo Logic API, an access ID and access key are required.

High

Zendesk API Token Password

ZenDesk API token password is used to access the Zendesk API, which allows to programmatically manage and interact with the various features and services offered by Zendesk, such as creating and managing tickets, users, and organizations.

Medium

## Other [Copied!](#other "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Base64 Entropy

Base64 is a binary-to-text encoding scheme that represents binary data in an ASCII string format.

Medium

Frame IO Token

A Frame IO Token is an authentication token used to access the Frame IO cloud-based platform for video collaboration and its APIs.

Medium

Generic Password Angle Brackets

A generic password is a password that is used to authenticate and authorize access to a system, service, or resource.

Medium

Generic Secret

A generic secret or password is an authentication token used to access a computer or application and is assigned to a password variable.

Medium

Generic Secret/Password

A generic secret or password is an authentication token used to access a computer or application and is assigned to a password variable.

Medium

Hex Entropy

Hexadecimal, or “hex,” is a base-16 numbering system that uses the digits 0-9 and the letters A-F to represent numbers.

Medium

Mapbox Token

A Mapbox token is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the API of Mapbox, a map provider with APIs for navigation, maps and location search.

High

Password Parameter In URL

URLs are often shared or stored in various locations, and a password included in the URL could be viewed by someone who is not authorized to access the password-protected resource

Medium

Private Key

A private key is a cryptographic key that is used to authenticate the owner of a particular resource or service, typically used in combination with a public key.

Medium

Private Key Protected By Passphrase

A private key that is protected by a passphrase is a cryptographic key that is encrypted with a password or other form of secret phrase, helping to ensure that the private key can only be accessed by someone who knows the passphrase.

Medium

PGP Private Key

PGP uses keys and keyrings. Keyrings are basically files that contain the individual keys. The PGP command line to create a keyring will create both a `pubring.pkr` (public keyring) and `secring.skr` (private keyring) file in the default keyring location. `Secring.skr` indicates a keyring that contains private keys.

Medium

Pushbullet Api Key

A Pushbullet API key is a unique string of characters that is used to authenticate a client’s access to the API of Pushbullet , a service that allows users to send and receive messages and notifications across devices.

Medium

Recaptcha Key

A reCAPTCHA key is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate and authorize access to the reCAPTCHA service, a free service offered by Google that helps protect websites from spam and abuse. It uses advanced risk analysis techniques to tell humans and bots apart, making it more.

Medium

Riot Games Api key

A Riot Games API key is an identifier that is used to authenticate and authorize access to the Riot Games API, a set of APIs provided by Riot Games, the company behind popular games such as League of Legends and Valorant.

Low

Samsara Api Key

A Samsara API key is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate and authorize access to the API of Samsara API, a company that provides Internet of Things (IoT) solutions for businesses.

Medium

Shippo Api Token

A Shippo API token allows to use Shippo API, a shipping platform allowing businesses to access a variety of carriers and services through a single integration

High

SSH Password

Secure Shell (SSH) is a network protocol that allows secure connection to to a remote computer over an unsecured network. A username and password are required to authenticate your connection.

Medium

Ubidots Token

Ubidots is an Internet of Things (IoT) platform that allows businesses to collect, store, and analyze data from IoT devices. To use the Ubidots API, an API token is required.

Low

Username & Password In URI

A uniform resource identifier (URI) is a string of characters that is used to identify a name or a resource on the Internet.

Medium

Username & Password In URL

A uniform resource locator (URL) is a string of characters that is used to identify a location on the Internet.

Medium

Yahoo Oauth2 Keys

OAuth 2.0 is an open standard for authorization that allows users to grant third-party applications access to their resources without sharing their passwords. To use the Yahoo OAuth 2.0 API, OAuth 2.0 keys are required.

Medium

Yandex Predictor Api Key

Yandex Predictor is a machine learning platform that allows businesses to build, train, and deploy predictive models. To use the Yandex Predictor API, an API key is required

Low

## Payment systems [Copied!](#payment-systems "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Checkout.com API Secret Key

Checkout.com API Secret Key is used to access Checkout.com APIs - a payment platform for e-commerce websites and mobile applications.

High

Flutterwave API Key

A Flutterwave API key is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate with and access the APIs of Flutterwave platform - a payment processing platform that allows users to accept payments from customers in multiple currencies.

High

Gocardless Api Key

A Gocardless API key is an authentication token used to access the Gocardless payment platform and its APIs. Gocardless is a cloud-based platform for managing and processing online payments.

High

Heartland Api Key

An Heartland API key an identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the Heartland API, which is a payment processing company that offers a range of services for businesses, e.g. credit card processing, or e-commerce payment gateway services.

High

Moneywav API Key

A Moneywav API key is an identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the API of Moneywav , a financial services platform that provides payment processing, money transfer, and currency exchange services.

High

PayPal Braintree Access Token

A PayPal Braintree access token is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the PayPal API of Braintree, a payment processing platform

High

Paystack Key

A Paystack key is an API key that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the API of Paystack, a payment processing platform that allows businesses to accept and process payments online.

High

Plaid Access Token

A Plaid access token is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate a user’s access to the API of Plaid, a financial services company.

High

Shopify Generic App Token

A Shopify app is a piece of software that can be installed on a Shopify store to add new functionality or features. To use the Shopify API, a generic access token is needed.

High

Shopify Keys

Shopify API Key enables users to access a program’s functionality or data so that it may be handled by another application.

High

Shopify Private App Token

A private app is a type of Shopify app that is only installed on a single store and is not listed in the Shopify App Store. To use the Shopify API with a private app, a private app password is required.

High

Square Access Token

Square Access Token is used to access the Square API, which allows you to programmatically manage your Square account and interact with the various features and services offered by Square, s a financial technology company that provides a range of payment and point-of-sale (POS) solutions for businesses.

High

Square OAuth Secret

Square OAuth secret is used to allow third-party apps and services to access the Square API and perform actions on behalf of a Square user. Square is a financial technology company that provides a range of payment and point-of-sale (POS) solutions for businesses.

High

Stripe API Key

Stripe is a payment processing platform that allows businesses to accept payments online. To use the Stripe API, an API key is required.

High

Stripe Webhook Secret

A Stripe webhook is a way for Stripe to send real-time updates to your application about events that happen on your Stripe account. To use webhooks, a webhook secret is required.

High

Wepay Token

WePay is a payment processing platform that allows businesses to accept and process payments online. To use the WePay API, an access token is required.

High

Zillow Key

Zillow is a real estate website that provides information on homes for sale, rentals, and the real estate market. To use the Zillow API, a Zillow key is required.

Medium

## Security platforms [Copied!](#security-platforms "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Sqreen Token

Sqreen is a security platform that helps businesses protect their applications and infrastructure from cyber threats. To use the Sqreen API, an API token is required.

High

SonarQube Docs API Key

The SonarQube API allows developers to access the SonarQube platform and its features programmatically, including running analyses, creating and managing projects, and accessing analysis results and metrics.ץ SonarQube is a tool for static code analysis that helps developers to find and fix code defects and vulnerabilities in their code.

High

## Social network platforms [Copied!](#social-network-platforms "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

Facebook Access Token

A Facebook access token is a unique identifier that is used to authenticate with the Facebook platform and access the Facebook API. It is used to identify a user, an application, or a page

Low

## Version control systems [Copied!](#version-control-systems "Copy link to this section")

Policy Name

Description

Severity

GitLab Token

A Gitlab Token is an authentication token used to access the GitLab platform and its APIs. GitLab is an open-source Git-based project providing issue tracking and CI/CD pipeline services.

High

GitHub App Token

GitHub is a web-based platform for hosting and collaborating on software projects. GitHub Apps are third-party integrations that allow you to use GitHub in new and creative ways. To use a GitHub App, a GitHub App token is required.

High

GitHub OAuth Access Token

GitHub is a web-based platform for hosting and collaborating on software projects. OAuth (Open Authorization) is a protocol that allows users to grant third-party applications access to their resources without sharing their passwords. To use OAuth with GitHub, an OAuth access token is required.

High

GitHub Personal Access Token

GitHub is a web-based platform for hosting and collaborating on software projects. A GitHub Personal Access Token is a token that can be used to authenticate with the GitHub API and perform various actions, such as creating and managing repositories, managing issues.

High

GitHub Refresh Token

GitHub is a web-based platform for hosting and collaborating on software projects. A GitHub refresh token is a token that can be used to obtain a new access token when the current access token has expired.

High

GitLab Runner Token

A GitLab Runner Token is used for the registration and authentication of GitLab Runners. GitLab Runners are components responsible for executing CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment) jobs defined in a GitLab project.

High

Was this article helpful?

Yes No

Thanks for your feedback!

## Help us improve this article

×

Need more information Inaccurate or irrelevant content Difficult to understand Missing/broken link Others

Characters: 0/255

Cancel Submit
