# Azure DevOps Server | Cycode Docs

Source: https://docs.cycode.com/integrations/scm-source-code-management-tools/azure-devops-server

---

# Azure DevOps Server

[](https://gitlab.com/cycodehq/documentation/cycode_docs/-/blob/main/src/content/integrations/scm-source-code-management-tools/azure-devops-server.md "Edit this page")

Updated on Mar 30, 2026 • Published on Mar 30, 2026

* * *

## Overview [Copied!](#overview "Copy link to this section")

Integrating Azure DevOps Server enables Cycode to scan and do the following:

*   Review code access and permissions
    
*   Audit significant events
    
*   Identify insecure configurations
    
*   Identify code leaks
    
*   Monitor secrets
    

After successfully integrating with Azure, Cycode starts to scan your environment and apply its policies.

**Supported Azure DevOps Server versions**

The minimum supported on-prem version is Azure DevOps Server 2020 (v18).

For full functionality (including builds and groups APIs), Azure DevOps Server 2022 (v19) is required.

## Prerequisites [Copied!](#prerequisites "Copy link to this section")

*   Verify that the following ports are open for Cycode: **443**.
    
*   Open inbound and outbound connectivity between Cycode IPs and the on-premises Azure DevOps instance on the following IPs:
    
    *   US SaaS:
        
        *   `34.230.110.76`
        *   `54.205.205.122`
        *   `18.209.26.95`
        *   `34.74.159.168`
        *   `3.226.104.48`
    *   EU SaaS:
        
        *   `52.58.81.134`
        *   `52.29.182.96`
        *   `3.69.177.124`
        *   `3.127.9.222`
*   Verify that you have a Personal Access Token to enable Cycode to authenticate to your Azure DevOps Server.
    

### Create a Personal Access Token (PAT) [Copied!](#create-a-personal-access-token-pat "Copy link to this section")

**To create a personal access token (PAT) in Azure DevOps Server**

1.  Go to **User Security Settings**.
    
2.  Click **New Token**.
    
3.  Choose the relevant organization(s) to be integrated.
    
4.  Set the expiration date.
    
5.  Select the following scopes and permissions.
    
    Scope
    
    Permissions
    
    Code
    
    Full, Status
    
    Entitlements
    
    Read
    
    Identity
    
    Read
    
    Member Entitlement Management
    
    Read
    
    Project & Team
    
    Read & Write
    
    Pull Request Threads
    
    Read & Write
    
    Tokens
    
    Read & Manage
    
6.  Click **Create**.
    

## Authentication methods [Copied!](#authentication-methods "Copy link to this section")

Cycode supports the following authentication method for Azure DevOps Server.

Method

Description

Comments

Personal Access Token (PAT)

Authenticate with a PAT generated by an Azure DevOps Server administrator. For instructions, see [Create a Personal Access Token (PAT)](#create-a-personal-access-token-pat) above.

Only supported method

## Permissions [Copied!](#permissions "Copy link to this section")

Permissions

Why is Access Required?

Basic access level in the Contributors security group

Grants full access to manage all resources (however, doesn’t allow you to share image galleries)

**MemberEntitlement Access Level** for either a **Basic** or **Visual Studio Subscriber** (with subscription assigned) (see image below)

Required only for the user performing the integration itself.

## Integrate with Azure DevOps Server [Copied!](#integrate-with-azure-devops-server "Copy link to this section")

Tip

When integrating with a personal access token, comments in pull requests are posted under the identity of the integration user. We recommend creating a dedicated “Cycode” service account to ensure correct attribution and to prevent the integration from breaking if that user leaves.

1.  In Cycode, go to **Settings > Integrations** and click **Add Integration**.
    
2.  In the Add Integration window, click **Code** in the left menu or search for Azure DevOps and click the **Azure DevOps Server** tile.
    
3.  In page 1 of the connection wizard, fill in the following values and click **Next**.
    
    Parameter
    
    Value
    
    **Integration name**
    
    Meaningful name for the integration
    
    **Select Broker**
    
    (Optional) If you’re using a Cycode Broker, select it from the list.
    
    **Instance URL**
    
    Instance URL of the Azure DevOps Server installation.
    
    **Enter access token**
    
    Apply the PAT you created as part of the prerequisites for the integration.
    
4.  In page 3 of the connection wizard, do the following:
    
    1.  If you’re integrating Azure DevOps server with Cycode as a non-admin user (limited access) type the name of the organization you want to connect and click **Connect organization**.
        
    2.  If you’re integrating Azure DevOps Server with Cycode as an admin user (full access), select the organization(s) you want Cycode to scan and click **Connect**.
        
        Note
        
        The Cycode integration will have the same access rights in the organization as your user.
        
        Cycode connects to your Azure DevOps account and retrieves the information about your available organizations and projects.
        

The last page of the connection wizard shows you the status of the integration. You can manage all of your Azure DevOps Server integrations from this page.

Was this article helpful?

Yes No

Thanks for your feedback!

## Help us improve this article

×

Need more information Inaccurate or irrelevant content Difficult to understand Missing/broken link Others

Characters: 0/255

Cancel Submit
